v4l2-sys: Replace FreeBSD **host-only** include path override with docs (#114)
raymanfx/libv4l-rs: README.md

```

Have a look at the provided `examples` for more sample applications.

### Building and cross-compiling

> When building on targets like FreeBSD, or cross-compiling for different targets entirely (as identified by their _targe triple_), bindgen may not know where to find the headers if they are located in a nonstandard directory like `/usr/local/include`, resulting in an error similar to `wrapper.h:1:10: fatal error: 'linux/videodev2.h' file not found`.  In this case, provide the system include directory with the `-I` flag using the [target-specific environment variable][bindgen-env] (note that `-` is typically subtituted with `_` to help shells like `bash` parse it successfully):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building on targets like FreeBSD, or cross-compiling for different targets entirely (as identified by their _target triple_), bindgen may not know where to find the headers if they are located in a nonstandard directory like `/usr/local/include`, resulting in an error similar to `wrapper.h:1:10: fatal error: 'linux/videodev2.h' file not found`.  In this case, provide the system include directory with the `-I` flag using the [target-specific environment variable][bindgen-env] (note that `-` is typically substituted with `_` to help shells like `bash` parse it successfully):
```
